[WIP] Renaming DeviceSpecs and refactoring state_options (#121)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: .github/CHANGELOG.md

- Introduced the `BaseEngine` abstract base class and the `LocalEngine` child class. `Engine` is kept as an alias for `LocalEngine`.
- The Engine API has been changed slightly:
    - `LocalEngine.run()` returns a `Result` object that contains both a state object and measurement samples.
    - The way kwargs were used has been simplified by introducing the kwargs-like arguments:
        - `backend_options` are provided upon initialization of the `LocalEngine`, and passed on to the corresponding backend when it is created.
        - `compile_options` can be provided when calling `LocalEngine.run()`. These are passed to the `compile()` method of the program before execution.
        - `run_options` can be provided when calling `LocalEngine.run()`. These are used to determine the characteristics of the measurements and state contained in the `Results` object returned after the program is finished executing.

>  - The Gaussian backend now officially supports Fock-basis measurements (`MeasureFock`/`Measure`/

Reviewer: I agree, MeasureFock isn't too long to type.

  `measure_fock`), but does not update the quantum state after a Fock measurement.

> - `shots` keyword argument added to `Engine.run()`, enabling multi-shot sampling. Supported only

Reviewer 2: I suppose it still _technically_ is.

- Introduced the `BaseEngine` abstract base class and the `LocalEngine` child class. `Engine` is kept as an alias for `LocalEngine`.
- The Engine API has been changed slightly:
    - `LocalEngine.run()` returns a `Result` object that contains both a state object and measurement samples.
    - The way kwargs were used has been simplified by introducing the new kwargs-like arguments:
        - `backend_options` are provided upon initialization of the `LocalEngine`, and passed on to the corresponding backend when it is created.
        - `compile_options` can be provided when calling `LocalEngine.run()`. These are passed to the `compile()` method of the program before execution.
        - `run_options` can be provided when calling `LocalEngine.run()`. These are passed to the backend API calls via :meth:`Operation.apply`

>         - `state_options` can be provided when calling `LocalEngine.run()`. These are used to determine the characteristic of the `Results` object returned after the program is finished executing.

Author: Feeling like `state_options` should be combined with `run_options`. The only things that `run_options` accepts are various TF parameters, which are needed in order to determine what types to return for measurement results and final states.

Reviewer 2: I support all of the above :+1: So this will result in two dicts, `compile_options` and `run_options`? I'm in favour of calling it `run_options`, simply because some of the keys are used during the engine run.

Author: Done in 60221ad

- The Engine API has been changed slightly:
    - `LocalEngine.run()` returns a `Result` object that contains both a state object and measurement samples.

>     - The way kwargs were used has been simplified by introducing the new kwargs-like arguments `backend_options` and `state_options`. `LocalEngine.run()` passes the actual kwargs only to `Operation.apply()`.

Author: ```suggestion
    - The way kwargs were used has been simplified by introducing the new kwargs-like arguments:
        - `backend_options` are provided upon initialization of the `LocalEngine`, and passed on to the corresponding backend when it is created.
        - `compile_options` can be provided when calling `LocalEngine.run()`. These are passed to the `compile()` method of the program before execution.
        - `run_options` can be provided when calling `LocalEngine.run()`. These are passed to the backend API calls via :meth:`Operation.apply`
        - `state_options` can be provided when calling `LocalEngine.run()`. These are used to determine the characteristic of the `Results` object returned after the program is finished executing.
```
